Figure 9. Ef fects of Git2-short overexpression assessed in a single cell clone. An NIH3T3 cell clone bearing pTet-tTAK and pTetSplice/HA-Git2-s was used. (A) Expression of HA-Git2-short, paxillin, vinculin, actin, Rho A, and ARFs in cells cultured in the presence (0.5 m g/ml, 1 )  or  in the absence ( 2 )  of tetracycline for 48 h. Cell lysates (20 m g) prepared with RIPA buf fer (Sabe et al. , 1994) were separated by SDS-PAGE (8%) and subjected to immunoblot analysis using antibodies as indicated. (B) Reduction in the number of paxillin-containing focal adhesion plaques and actin stress fibers by overexpression of HA-Git2-short and their partial restoration by co-overexpression of myc-ARFQ71L. Cells were cultured in the presence (a-c) or in the absence (d-i) of tetracycline, as above. Fibronectin-coated (10 m g/ml) chamber slides were used. a-c, d-f, Figure 9 (cont). and g-i are each of the same field; paxillin and F-actin were visualized as in Figure 8A. Arrows in g-i indicate a cell also expressing myc-ARF1Q71L (shown in i  as blue), as visualized using rabbit anti-myc antibody and Cy2 anti-rabbit IgG. Focuses were adjusted 0.5 m m above the surface of the plates. Note that paxillin localization to focal complexes formed at the cell periphery was again almost unaf fected or slightly augmented when HA-Git2short was induced to be overexpressed (see d). Paxillin localization at the cell periphery was also augmented when ARF1Q71L was overexpressed (see g). (C-E) Ef fects of HA-Git2-short overexpression on cell migration on culture dishes (C), haptotaxis migration toward fibronectin in modified Boyden chambers (D), and cell adhesion to fibronectin (E). Cells were cultured in the presence ( 1 ) or in the absence ( 2 )  of tetracycline as above, and cell adhesion and migration activity were measured as described in MATERIALS AND METHODS. Each bar represents the mean 6 SEM of triplicate experiments. *p , 0.02. In A-C, essentially the same results were obtained with three independent cell clones, in which HA-Git2short was induced to be expressed at levels 20-fold higher than that of endogenous Git2-short. We also tried to examine the CA mutant overexpression in the same tetracycline-regulated system, but no cells overexpressed the CA mutant at levels similar to that of the wild-type HA-Git2-short clone. The cell clones we obtained could express the CA mutant up to about threefold higher than the endogenous Git2-short, and no significant changes in the amounts of paxillin-containing focal adhesions and stress fibers were observed (Mazaki and Sabe, unpublished results). Mazaki et al. Molecular Biology of the Cell 658 