F IG .2 . ( A-D ) Transplant of postnat al X::L acZ SVZ cells into the ventricle of E15 embr yos. The recipient mouse was k illed at P12 and the brain sectioned horizont ally (an imal 3-2, Table 1). X-Gal histochemistr y produce s a dark blue nuclear precipit ate in X::L acZ cells. In A and D , cell nuclei are c ounterst ained w ith Hoechst 33258 and appear light blue under f luore scent illumination. ( A ) X-Gal 1 cells in the IC. 490 cells were mapped in this 80m m-thick section. ( B ) High-power v iew of the X-Gal 1 cells in the inferior c olliculus. ( C ) Example of X-Gal 1 cell that was double-st ained for the neuronal marker TuJ1 (arrowheads in B and C ). ( D ) X-Gal 1 cells in the g ranule layer of the olfactor y bulb. ( E-I ) Transplant of postnat al NSE::L acZ SVZ cells into the E15 ventricle. The recipient mouse was k illed at P12 and the brain sectioned horizont ally (an imal 1-5, Table 1). A n X-Gal perinuclear precipit ate (t ypical example s indicated by red arrows) is produced in g raf ted cells which dif ferentiate into neurons . A l l sections are c ounterst ained w ith Hoechst 33258. ( E )  In this 80m m-thick section, 790 X-Gal 1 neurons were inc orporated in the IC. Their mapped distribution is indicated by the red dots. ( F ) High-power v iew of E show ing the g raf t-derived neurons in the IC. White arrowhead indicate s nucleus c orre sponding to X-Gal positive cell. ( G ) Graf t-derived neurons in the hypothalamus. ( H and I ) Graf t-derived neurons in the olfactor y bulb were found in the g ranule cell layer ( H ) and around glomer uli (st ar) ( I ). ( J ) Two GAD 1 /NSE::L acZ 1 neurons in the IC. The red arrow indicate s the blue X-Gal deposit that became dif fuse af ter the immunohistochemistr y for GAD. The black arrows indicate a GAD 1 cell body. Recipient k illed at P1 (an imal 9-1, Table 1). The localization of g raf t-derived cells in the IC varied f rom an imal to an imal (e.g., cells in A are more rostral, and in E more caudal). SC, superior c olliculus; Cb, cerebellum; gl, glomer ular layer; gcl, g ranule cell layer; epl, external plex ifor m layer. (Bars: A and E 5 400 m m; D 5 40 m m; B , C , F , G-I 5 20 m m; J 5 10 m m.) 